*set tamfirst false
*set checked_tam_pussy false

You walk in silence for a bit longer, just enjoying the companionship of the tall blonde warrior, and if Tamara's jealous, she shows no sign, trailing along behind. Her step is noiseless, and it's easy to forget she's even there.

At first, you thought Juliette was merely not prone to talking, and you found it a welcome relief from Tamara's incessant chatter. However, you begin to sense a growing tension in Juliette, and her pace slows. Finally, she stops and turns to look at Tamara. Tamara stops in her tracks, wary, and Juliette stares at her for a long time, saying nothing at all.

"What?" Tamara says at long last, but still, Juliette says nothing.
*page_break
"Come here," Juliette says finally.

Tamara hesitates only a second before approaching, for she has, after all, despite all her bluster, pledged her life to this woman.

"Kneel," Juliette says, placing her hands on Tamara's shoulders and pushing down.

Tamara resists. "Why?" she asks, her hand flinching toward her sword's pommel before stopping.

Suddenly, Juliette thrusts Tamara down hard, almost with preternatural strength, and Tamara crashes hard onto her knees.

"Will you?" Juliette asks, strain in her voice, and you realize what she wants. 

"No!" Tamara cries. "I have no attraction to women. I cannot."

Juliette begins to pull Tamara's head toward her loins, and though Tamara tries to resist, Juliette is far stronger. Tamara feels the inevitability of defeat, lets slack her muscles and lets her head be shoved downward. Then, just before her face crashes into Juliette's crotch piece, she redirects the downward force to one side, and as her head continues down toward Juliette's knees, her foot flies upward, over her arched back, and smacks directly into Juliette's face.
*page_break
Juliette, stunned by the unexpected maneuver, falls backward, slipping on the shale-strewn slope, where she remains sitting, her whole body shaking as if fighting nearly irresistable urges.

"My apologies..." you hear her whisper, voice strained. "I thought I could resist until the lair. Now you know my secret. I am a beserker!"

"Ah! It makes sense," Tamara cries. "Without battle to satiate your bloodlust, you need sexual release instead. You carry volatile power in your bloodline that cannot be suppressed, only directed one of two ways, but I'm sorry; I can't help you."

"It has to be you, only you," Juliette says through gritted teeth. 

"But Banes was a man. Why won't my apprentice serve?" Tamara asks.

"I love Banes," Juliette says. "That's enough to make up for the lack of attraction, but without that, only a woman will serve. Please! Without sex now, I will kill you both. Already I feel myself losing control, the urge shifting from lust to fury."

"Blast!" Tamara curses. "If only we could've made it to the lair. I see now how you would wield the dragonlance. Humontor was half-berserker, but they say there are no more of that cursed bloodline."

"We are in hiding," Juliette says. "Now you know my secret, but I fear you will take it to your grave if something is not done, and soon."
*page_break
Tamara begins to reluctantly approach Juliette's shaking form, and Juliette looks up, elatedly.

"Really?" she asks and begins throwing off her armor.

Pieces of mail begin clattering all over the rocky landscape.

"Yes," Tamara says dejectedly, waiting with slumped shoulders for Juliette to finish undressing.

"You undress too," Juliette says, glancing up from unbuckling her mailed boots.

"But that's so icky," Tamara says.

"I might rip your clothes off," Juliette says distractedly, now almost naked.

"Try to just hug me instead," Tamara says, and Juliette, finally fully unclothed, reaches up, grabs her, and pulls her body on top of hers. 

She kisses Tamara's neck savagely while Tamara half-heartedly averts her face. 

Juliette holds Tamara to her body with one hand while the other works furiously on her vest's laces.

"It that really necessary," Tamara says morosely.

Juliette says nothing, just slips her hand into Tamara's vest the moment it's loosened enough, fondling the breast within.

"My sex! My sex!" Juliette begs. "It will all be naught without it."

"Oh, all right," Tamara says and snakes a hand between their two bodies to Juliette's sex.

You see Tamara's arm moving suggestively, rhythmically.
*page_break
While Tamara masturbates Juliette, Juliette continues to undress her, which Tamara tolerates patiently, not helping but not hindering either.

Once Tamara's topless, Juliette's hands rove her back, desperately clutching at the naked female flesh. You certainly know the attraction!

She shoves one hand into Tamara's pants, squeezing and feeling around her ass cheeks.

"Not the crack, not the crack!" Tamara cries. 

Juliette doesn't stop.

"Oh, fine, fine," Tamara says, giving in when she sees Juliette just can't stop, but then Juliette's hand pushes further down.

"No... NO!" Tamara cries, feeling Juliette's hand approaching her pussy from behind.

She starts to struggle, but this only makes Juliette more impassioned. She rolls over, trapping Tamara beneath her on a bed of shale.

"I don't like being on the bottom with you," Tamara says.

Juliette rolls so Tamara's on top again, but she continues her frenzied groping of Tamara's body.
*page_break
"It's not enough, not enough!" Juliette cries. "There is no passion in your hand, and it's making me shift into bloodlust. I need lips and tongue. Please!"

"Lesbian cunnilingus!" Tamara gasps. "I... No, I can't..."

"You must!" Juliette says. "Without it, I fear..."

Tamara thinks hard, desperately.

"Ah! What if my apprentice..."

"No!" Juliette says.

"But it would be impassioned," Tamara says.

This gives Juliette pause, but still she says no.

"What if I took off my breeches?" Tamara offers, and Juliette hesitates even longer.

"Okay, okay, fine," she says. "Male lips and tongue have touched me before, but nothing must penetrate, not even fingers."

"Agreed!" Tamara says. "You hear that, apprentice? Time to get lapping!"
*fake_choice
	#Get lapping.
You position yourself between Juliette's legs while Tamara struggles to work herself out of her breeches with Juliette still embracing her tightly, and Juliette spreads her legs widely. Normally, you would find that erotic, but this time you suspect she's merely trying to avoid contact with your repulsive male body.

You help Tamara out of her boots, then pull off her breeches, all the while, Juliette begging.

You look up to see Juliette's dainty fingers wedging into Tamara's crack, and Tamara reaching back to try and pull them out.
*choice
	#Lick Tamara's cunt first.
		*set tamfirst true
		*goto tamfirst
	#Just start in on Juliette.
		*goto julfirst

*label tamfirst
You push your face between Tamara's legs and push your tongue between her outer lips to the softer folds within.

"Not me, you idiot!" Tamara cries.

Well, so much for that.

*label julfirst
You move down between Juliette's spread legs and marvel at her perfect body, the smoothness of her fair, northern flesh, the blonde curls on her mound. How you wish to plow her virgin pussy! Instead, you must content yourself with a kiss.
*page_break
You hear Juliette sigh as soon as your lips and tongue touch it.

"It's you. It's you," you hear her saying to Tamara.

Now that she's receiving the sexual stimulation she needed, she becomes soft and sensual, caressing Tamara's body, and Tamara, for the most part, endures it, only pulling Juliette's hands away when they venture too close to her crack or pussy.

Juliette tries to make eye-contact with Tamara, but when she keeps looking away, Juliette resigns herself to just kissing Tamara's neck.
*page_break
"Will you move up my body?" Juliette asks. "Can I kiss your breasts?"

"Oh, all right," Tamara says and moves up Juliette's body, her legs straddling her torso, her sex right on Juliette's abdomen. It looks so hot from your vantage point down below that it's surprising to think Tamara's not enjoying herself in the least, for it's inconceivable to you that ANYONE could be repulsed by a body as beautiful as Juliette's.

You look up, wishing you could see what Juliette's doing to Tamara's breasts, but frankly, the view is already erotic enough: Tamara's spread legs showing you everything and Juliette's lithe torso between them leading down to her pussy overflowing with the fluids of her desire. You plunge your tongue into her again and again, feeling the extra tightness of a twat that has never known intercourse.
*page_break
Tamara rises onto her knees, probably to minimize contact, but it affords you a wondrous view of Juliette mouthing Tamara's breasts. A woman does that so sensually, and you watch as her lips enfold Tamara's nipple again and again, then her tongue roving around it in erotic, slow circles.

Juliette's hand snakes between Tamara's legs.

"No... no..." Tamara mumbles, and after thwarting the attempt, flattens her body against Juliette's again to remove the temptation. Her pussy once again touches Juliette's torso, and you again wonder how that could possibly not turn her on.

Juliette, of course, likes it, and she puts her hand on Tamara's ass, pulling their bodies closer together. Tamara allows it, Juliette's fingers not venturing into her crack.
*page_break
"How about here?" you hear Juliette ask and look up to see her hand slipping between Tamara's leg from behind, touching the inner thigh nearest the pussy but not the pussy itself.

"There's okay, I guess," Tamara says. "If you must."

"You are so dry," Juliette laughs.

"Sorry," Tamara says. "Apprentice, can you hurry up?"
*fake_choice
	#"I'm going as fast as I can!"
"Stop talking and keep lapping," Tamara says.
*fake_choice
	#"I would if you wouldn't talk to me!"
"Darn it, apprentice!" Tamara curses. "Fine, fine. Just keep going."

You pull out all the tricks you know and soon have Juliette writhing and squirming, despite the fact that you're male. You want so badly to touch her with your hands, or better yet, your dick, but you force yourself to hold back. Your cock is rock-hard and turning blue with unrequited lust!

Juliette's hips start to buck, and her caresses return to the more violent groping from before.

"Yeah, that's it, apprentice!" Tamara cries. "She's manhandling me, but keep going."

"It's okay?" Juliette asks, able to be civil even in the throes of mounting pleasure, and this tells you that you're successfully quelling the berserker spark in her body.

"Yes, fine, fine," Tamara says. "Just hurry up and come!"

"I am..." Juliette breathes. "I am.... ohh... OHHHHHHH!"
*page_break
*achieve juleat
Juliette spills over into orgasm, screaming, holding Tamara tight, and bucking hard with her whole body.

"Her boobs are rubbing against mine!" Tamara cries.

You wish you could see that, but you're too busy. You keep tonguing Juliette, hoping it intensifies her orgasm the way you know yours is when the woman keeps going.

Juliette's hand urgently grasps at Tamara's ass cheek and seems to involuntarily slip down, a finger entering her pussy.

"Woooo!" Tamara cries, her whole body stiffening, and though she tries to pull Juliette's hand away, Juliette's far too strong.

Juliette's finger remains there throughout her orgasm, even pushing deeper as her convulsions rock Tamara's body. Tamara gives up on trying to remove it and just rides out the storm... which seems to last forever, which is wonderful for you and Juliette, not so much for Tamara.
*page_break
Finally, Juliette's spasms become less intense and less frequent, though she still clasps Tamara tightly to her. She does remove her hand from between Tamara's cheeks, however.

"My apologies," she murmurs, still half in a daze, and you marvel at how chivalrous she remains, even at a time like this.

"It's fine; It's fine," Tamara says. "Are we done?"

"Yes," Juliette says sadly, and Tamara starts to rise.

You wonder if, through all that, Tamara could have really remained totally unaroused.
*choice
	#Touch her pussy to check.
		*goto touchpussy
	#That seems impolite.
		*goto notouchpussy

*label touchpussy
*set checked_tam_pussy true
Just before Tamara can dismount, you reach up and press your thumb between her pussy lips, and you find she's still very dry.

"You really are a true monosexual," you say.

"Yes, sad but true," Tamara says. "This would've been a whole lot of fun otherwise."

She finishes dismounting, and Juliette scrambles away from you as if afraid of even the slightest touch. She grabs for her armor and clothing, quite embarrassed.

"Don't look at me!" she says, trying to cover herself with her hands the best she can.
*page_break
*label dressing
While Juliette quickly dresses, Tamara gathers her own clothing more lazily, and you can't help but watch, though you try to keep your eyes on Tamara rather than Juliette. You're at least partially successful.

"YOU are lucky," Tamara says, passing by Juliette to fetch her vest.

Juliette, modesty mostly restored, looks up at her, confused, and when Tamara says no more, asks, "What do you mean?"

Tamara throws on her
*if checked_tam_pussy
	vest, not bothering to tie the strings.
*if not(checked_tam_pussy)
	and starts tying the strings without replying.

"I got lucky?" Juliette guesses. "Or I was lucky to have gotten sex?"

"No," Tamara says finally, 
*if not(checked_tam_pussy)	
	strings half-tied. 
"You're lucky you're not a pile of charred cinders right now."

"What? Why?" Juliette asks, still confused.

Tamara sighs. "Don't you know the dragon can sense negative emotions?" she asks. "Well, this morning we've been generating negative emotion galore."

"I did not know this about dragons," Juliette says, eyes widening. "Why has it not found and attacked us, then?"

"Because," Tamara says, 
*if not(checked_tam_pussy)	
	her half-tied strings now forgotten. 
"All this just happened to occur when the dragon's attention was lapsed. Apprentice, you sensed it, didn't you?"

Oops, you had forgotten to pay attention.
*fake_choice
	#Admit you weren't paying attention.
		"Remind me to punish you later, then," Tamara says.

	#Just nod.
		"Good," Tamara says. 

"You can sense this?" Juliette asks, incredulous, pausing from her dressing.

"Yes, we both can," Tamara says. "Tell her why, apprentice."
*fake_choice
	#"We peered in the dragoneye."
"When?!?" Juliette cries. 

"I have been regularly since I acquired it," Tamara says. "Apprentice's first time was yesterday."

"The dragoneye is in your possession?" Juliette asks disbelievingly.

"Yes," Tamara says.

"How did you possibly acquire it?" Juliette asks.

Tamara laughs. "Oh, knight, master of etiquette, don't you know it's bad form to ask that question of a thief?"

"My apologies," Juliette says softly and turns away to finish dressing.
*page_break
Juliette is quiet and avoids all eye-contact while she dresses, and any glimpse you manage to catch of her face shows that it's quite red. You're not sure but maybe you even saw a pained expression.

Something's definitely off, and Tamara notices it as well.

"Juliette," she says more softly now. "Now that the berserker nature is quelled, will this affect your prowess in battle?"

"No," Juliette says, turning abruptly and trying to smile. "My stores refill quickly, but be even so, be assured--There will be no further danger of my losing control. It only happened this time because of the unlikely conflux of events: Banes' departure, the nearness of the dragon, and... well, your apprentice's... offer, and the general tension between us."

She pauses, then finally looks up at Tamara.

"I'm sorry," she says. "For before, I mean..."

"The pawing and the groping?" Tamara laughs, frank in a way chivalry would never allow. "'Tis no thing."

"Thank you," Juliette says meekly, blushing.

Tamara returns to picking up her articles of clothing and gear.
*page_break
*if (tamfirst and checked_tam_pussy)
	*goto tamfirst2
*elseif (tamfirst and (not(checked_tam_pussy)))
	*goto tamfirst3
*elseif not(tamfirst)
	*if checked_tam_pussy
		*goto notamfirst3
	*else
		*goto notamfirst2

*label tamfirst3
With her gear safely in her possession, Tamara finally returns to you, both vest and breeches hanging open tantalizingly.

"Okay, about that bone time," she says.

*goto time4quickie

*label tamfirst2
"Hey, apprentice," Tamara says, sauntering over to you, smiling, vest and breeches still temptingly unfastened. "I liked that you licked me first."

She gives you a one-armed half-hug, and your eyes involuntarily peer inside her vest, for you are, after all, still ragingly horny.

"Oh, you're hot and bothered, huh?" Tamara says and gropes your crotch to check, finding you indeed very hot and very bothered.

"Hey," she says mischievously, "I still have cooties from all that female groping. How about you male grope me and make me feel right again?"

*label time4quickie
"There's time?" you ask.

"Just a quickie," Tamara says.

"But what about Juliette?" you ask.

"She can watch if she wants," Tamara says.

"No, that's not what I mean," you say, glancing over at Juliette who's now in full array, helm and all. She's sitting on a rock nearby, looking away, pretending not to listen in.

"Just a quickie," Tamara repeats. "After what I went through, she can wait a little bit. Come on, over here behind those trees."
*page_break
Tamara, taking you by the hand, leads you past Juliette.

"Wanna watch?" Tamara asks Juliette, as she passes.

"No, thank you," Juliette says, never turning her head.

"Suit yourself," Tamara says, and once behind the trees, begins removing the clothes she just put back on.

You can still see Juliette sitting all alone, though she's a bit further away now, on the other side of the trees. Her head is averted, and you suddenly feel sorry for her, wonder if she's envious. She must feel bad, having used Tamara like she did, even though it couldn't be helped.
*page_break
Tamara, stark naked now, tears your attention away from Juliette as she begins sensually undoing your belt.

"Oh, this is so much better," she says, running her hands up and down your male form, under your shirt and into your pants.

Soon she has you completely undressed too, and one glance back at Juliette shows her head is still averted. 

Tamara, on her knees, takes you into her mouth, her touch sweet like honey. Her eyes are closed, and she blows you more lovingly that you've ever had. It seems she really appreciated your thinking of her before!

With one last, lingering draw, Tamara pulls her mouth off your cock, and smiling, she tugs you down onto the soft duff around the trees' trunks. Laying together there, you conjoin your bodies in passionate embrace.

You roll about, sometimes you on top, other times Tamara, fucking each other furiously, knowing time is of the essence.

You try not to worry about Juliette, but Tamara seems even a little excited at the possibility of her voyeurism. Though you're a little embarrassed, extreme horniness wins out, and you manage to bring both you and Tamara to orgasm.

You try to hold in your cries of pleasure, but Tamara is unabashed. She doesn't scream but also doesn't hold back her moans.
*page_break
You allow yourselves a few moments to lie together before rising and hurriedly dressing and rejoining Juliette.

"Sorry..." you say when you and Tamara reach the rock she's sitting on.

Juliette turns her head to look at you, having kept it averted the entire time. 

"It's understandable," she says, forcing a smile.
*page_break
*goto dragoneye

*label notamfirst2
"Okay, how about that bone time now?" Tamara asks, having collected all her things. "Over behind those trees?"

*goto bonetime

*label notamfirst3
"Hey, apprentice," Tamara says, sauntering over to you, vest and breeches still temptingly unfastened. "I kinda need some male loving after that. I still have the cooties." She shivers. "What say we go over behind those trees and do the nasty?"

*label bonetime
She doesn't have to ask you twice! You take her by the hand and sprint.

However, once you arrive, you start to worry about time as well as Juliette.

"Oh, it's just a quickie," Tamara says when you express your concerns. "And Juliette, well, after what I went through, she can wait a few minutes, but if you really feel so sorry for her, she can watch if she wants."

Before you can say anything, Tamara calls, "Hey, Juliette! You wanna watch?"

Juliette, who had been sitting on a rock, head averted, jerks as if startled, glances over, and says, "No. Thank you..."

She gets up and goes away.

"Darn, I thought it might be fun if she watched, don't you, apprentice?"

Um, kinda?
*page_break
"Okay, just a quickie," Tamara says. "We don't have to get fully undressed."

She undoes your pants and pulls them down just enough for your giant, engorged member spills forth.

"Oh, gods, I love what you have," Tamara says, grabbing your enormous shaft and directing it into herself.
*page_break
You fuck her up against a tree, fast and furious, until you both come.

"Okay, that was good," Tamara says. "Now we resume our quest."

She lifts herself onto tip-toes to extract your member, pulls up her pants, and goes to rejoin Juliette.

You quickly make yourself presentable as well and jog to catch up with her.
*page_break
*goto dragoneye

*label dragoneye
Now a trio it seems, the three of you resume your journey.

"Does this mean you have accepted our aid?" you ask Juliette, walking beside her.

Juliette pauses before answering. "Perhaps we can journey to the lair together," she says finally.

Well, at least that's better than before...
*page_break
You walk in silence for a few minutes, Tamara trailing along behind as she's wont to do.

Juliette stops and turns.

"Tamara..." she says.
*page_break
"What?" Tamara says, alarmed. "No more sex, if that's what this is about."

"No, no," Juliette laughs, still a little ashamed. "It's the dragoneye."

"What about it?" Tamara says.

"You say that if you look into it, you gain the ability to sense the dragon?"

"Yeah, why?" Tamara says. "You want to look into it?"

"It might aid in my quest," Juliette says.

"What of your glory, though?" Tamara asks, still a little miffed. "You'll have to share it then."

"Forget I asked," Juliette says and resumes walking.
*page_break
Tamara follows along behind, and in a minute or so says, "It's good you don't want to peer in it. It's not for people like you."

Juliette spins about.

"What do you mean, 'people like me?'"

"Oh, I just mean that it's not just the dragon you'll sense but other things. Tell her apprentice."
*page_break
You have to think about it, but yes, it is indeed not just the dragon but a kind of subtle awareness of the nearby area. If you close your eyes, it's stronger, and it's almost like you can see without sight. It almost feels like you could know where every tree is, every stone you might trip upon, though you don't think your perceptions are good enough to actually traverse the terrain blindfolded or in the dark. You wonder if Tamara could?

You try to explain this to Juliette, having to stop walking to come up with the words.

"Is that all? Just physical things?" Tamara asks you.

That's all you'd noticed, but it intrigues you that your heightened sense could encompass other stimuli as well. 

"What about thoughts?" Tamara asks. "Philosophies. Common sense. Beliefs you've taken for granted. Does your dragonsense extend into those realms?"

You hadn't noticed, but you try to think. In the end, however, you can't sense any different mode of thought.

"Well, it happens," Tamara says. "And that's why it's not for people like Juliette. You, I had a feeling could handle it. For example, aren't you a little more open to the thieving skills I'm teaching you today? Yesterday, before the dragoneye, you were more solidly just a simple warrior, yes? Or no?"

"Yes!" you cry, realizing that it's true. 

"Hehhehehee," Tamara giggles. "So, you, Juliette... We wouldn't want you questioning your chivalric code or anything like that, would we?"

"I would never," Juliette replies seriously. "It's the code by which I live or die."

"Then peer into the eye if you want," Tamara challenges.

"This is not a trick?" Juliette asks.

"No, just what you've heard already," Tamara replies.

Juliette regards Tamara with narrow eyes a moment longer.

"Why haven't I heard any of this in the legends?" she asks finally. 

"Oh, it's there if you know where to look," Tamara says. "The legends may explicitly talk only of heightened perception of one's surroundings, but there's more there. The heroes are all mavericks, aren't they, if you think about it? In the legends where the dragoneye figures, don't they all venture into unknown territories despite all opposition and doubt? There's more too if you know to look for it."

"You would really let me peer into it?" Juliette asks. "I have never heard of it harming anyone, so I'd like to try."

"Our fates seem bound," Tamara says. "For this reason, I will let you peer into it, but know that a mere single use will only grant you the faintest awareness. However, it may just be enough to save your life in today's coming battle."

"Then let me try," Juliette says.
*page_break

*comment check if mc has used before, has asked about the magic shield

Tamara bids Juliette lean against a tree like she does, telling her how she will lose contact with her body and must not fall over.

Tamara then removes the dragoneye from her pouch and slips it from its magically-shielded cover. She places it in Juliette's hands and tells her to hold it in her lap so that her arms can relax without dropping it, and you watch as Juliette gazes into it and falls into trance.
*page_break
Tamara tiptoes away and grinning mischievously, picks up the dragonlance.

"Hide this," she says, handing it to you. "Just a joke on our uptight knight."
*label hidelancechoice
*choice
	#Hide it!
		*goto hidelance
	*hide_reuse #Play hide the (other kind of) lance with Tamara.
		"We just played that," Tamara says. "You can't need it again so soon."
		*goto hidelancechoice
	#Tell Tamara you don't want any part in this prank.
		*goto tamhidelance

*label hidelance  
You quickly grab the lance and almost drop it, not realizing it's so heavy. 

"It's the Perrindor, stupid," Tamara says. "Get a grip."

As you run off into the woods, you try moving it about, finding that it takes nearly a full second to simply move it one foot in front of your body. You try to stab with it, and not only is it unusably slow, it nearly pulls you off balance... and you're a tall, strong man. 

Finally, you find a good hiding place and hurry back.
*page_break
Juliette's already awake by the time you return, and you see Tamara slipping the dragoneye back in its magic-proof bag, then into her belt pouch.

Juliette sits for a moment, regaining her composure, then rises and turns to fetch her lance.

"Where's the dragonlance?" she asks.

"I don't know," Tamara says, cracking a grin.

"Where is it!?!" Juliette cries.

"I don't know," Tamara says again, barely suppressing cackles of glee.

Juliette's eyes narrow, scan the area, and alight on you.

"You!" she cries. "Hiding my lance?!?"

She charges, attempting a grab or tackle, but she doesn't seem fully angry like you expected. She's even [i]almost[/i] smiling, taking the prank in stride. Well, partly at least.
*choice
	#Run!
		*goto lancerun
	#Let her get you.
		*goto nolancerun

*label lancerun
You laugh and try to get away, but somehow, Juliette, even in plate armor, catches up with you and tackles you.

"That was berserker-powered speed," Juliette cries, "And now you are going to feel the bearhug of berserker-powered strength!" 

Indeed, when she wraps her arms around you and squeezes, it's like a giant vise, almost frightening in its power.

"Tell me where my lance is or die from lack of air," Juliette laughs.
*label lancerunchoice
*choice
	*hide_reuse #Tell her.
		*goto lancetell
	*hide_reuse #Kiss her.
		*goto lancekiss
	*hide_reuse #Let yourself pass out.
		*goto lanceair
	*hide_reuse #Tell her Tamara made you do it.
		*goto lancebetray

*label lancetell
"Okay, okay! I'll tell you!" you cry.

Juliette waits, maintaining even pressure with no sign of tiring. Her arms remain steady like steel bands around a barrel, and like an anaconda, each time you exhale, she compresses your lungs further, making it impossible to inhale again.

"I have to show you!" you manage.
*page_break
Somehow, Juliette manages to stand up while maintaining the bearhug, lifts your entire weight off the ground, and walks, all the while keeping it hard for you to breathe.

"Well that's impressive," you hear Tamara mutter somewhere behind you.

You want to tell her it's all her fault and that it should be her being bearhugged instead, but that would waste far too much precious oxygen.
*page_break
With Juliette walking sideways, if you turn your head, you can see where she's going and direct her. Unfortunately, you've forgotten exactly where you stowed the lance! You could probably find it again if you were walking alone, but under the circumstances, you suspect it'll be a wild goose chase.
*choice
	#Admit you don't remember the exact location.
		*goto admitforgot
	#Say you need to walk on your own.
		*goto noadmitforgot
	#Pretend to pass out.
		*goto pretendpassout

*label admitforgot
"WHAT???" Juliette cries and throws you down.

*label admitforgot2
You land on your feet, but the force of the throw combined with your lightheadedness make you fall.

"You better find it now or I'll go berserk!" Juliette cries. It looks like she means it, the way her clenched fists are shaking.
*page_break
"Calmness, calmness..." Tamara says, putting a hand on Juliette's shoulder.

"You did this!" Juliette cries, jerking away.

"Lesbian hug?" Tamara offers.

Juliette, who looked like she was about to shove Tamara away, pauses and thinks.

"Nice long hug?" she asks.

"I guess so," Tamara says. "It was my fault anyway, trusting an apprentice to do a master-thief's job."

"AFTER we find it," Juliette says.

"Oh, we'll find it," Tamara says. "I'm a tracker, remember?"

A giant smile crosses Juliette's face. "I'll take that hug now," she says.
*page_break
Juliette approaches Tamara but stops just in front of her.

"Come on, get it over already," Tamara says impatiently.

Juliette grabs Tamara and enfolds her in her arms, pressing their bodies tightly together.

"No groping," Tamara says sullenly.

"I thought you said, 'lesbian hug?'" Juliette asks.

"Yeah," Tamara says. "You're a lesbian. You're hugging me. That's all."

"Fine, fine," Juliette says, hugs Tamara a few seconds longer, and finally tears herself away. "If I don't stop now," she says. "No telling what I'll do."
*page_break
"I don't think you need me to find your lance," Tamara says, her voice slightly louder than normal to shake off the cooties.

"How's that?" Juliette asks, suddenly concerned Tamara's backing out.

*label wellpeered
"Well, you peered in the dragoneye, yes?" Tamara says. "That gives you heightened awareness, yes? Perhaps even while you were staring into it, you sensed something?"

*goto juliettethinking

*label noadmitforgot
"You don't remember where it is, do you?" Juliette says accusingly. "Admit it!"
*choice
	#Own up to it.
		"I knew it!" Juliette cries and throws you down.

		*goto admitforgot2
	#"No, I just need to walk on my own, dammit!"
		*goto noadmitforgot2

*label noadmitforgot2
"Okay..." Juliette says and grudgingly lets you down.

Suddenly you can breathe again. Air! Glorious air!

Once you catch your breath, you start retracing your path the best you can, trying to look as sure of yourself as you can.

In a little while, you hear Tamara giggle.

"What?" you hear Juliette say and cringe, thinking she's going to give you away.

"Oh nothing," Tamara says. "Just that I think you could find the lance faster than my apprentice, is all."

*label howfindlance
"How?" Juliette asks. "He hid it while I was unconscious!"

"Oh but you were NOT unconscious," Tamara says. "You were definitely conscious, just a different KIND of consciousness, and in fact, it was an even MORE aware consciousness to some degree, wasn't it?"
*page_break
*goto juliettethinking

*label pretendpassout
"Turn left at the next... tr..." you say and then let your head fall forward. You even make your eyes roll up in your head to make it look more convincing.

Juliette lets you fall gently to the ground, and finally you can breathe again.

Air! Wonderful, glorious air!
*page_break
"He's faking it," Tamara says.

"It looks convincing," Juliette says doubtfully.

"Yeah, but look at his dick," Tamara says. "See how short it is? A man, when really asphyxiated, grows a full-on boner."

You wonder just how Tamara knows this.
*choice
	#Continue faking it.
		*goto fakeit
	#Reveal the attempted ruse.
		*goto nofakeit

*label fakeit
"Here, I'll prove it," Tamara says. "Cut off his air again, and we can watch him grow."
*choice
	#Pretend to wake up, and wake up FAST!
		*goto wakeup
	#It might go worse if you let yourself get caught in a lie. A little asphyxiation never hurt anybody.
		*goto nowakeup

*label wakeup
"Wait! No!" you cry just as Juliette's reaching out to grab you again.

"See!" Tamara cries. "Fake!"
*page_break
"Fake = Punishment," Tamara says. "Punishment is... me choking him, so we can see I was right about him growing. That's fun, right, Juliette?"

"This is a rather unchivalrous proposal," Juliette says. She pauses to think. "But in this case, I'll make an exception," she says finally.

Noooo... But you know better than to contradict Tamara when she's got it in her head you need to be punished.

Tamara gets behind you and wraps her arms around your throat. You struggle a little, but it's mostly for show. Best just get this over with.
*page_break
"Okay, pull his pants down," Tamara says once she's secured you and is cutting off your air.

You try to say no but can't.

While Tamara locks your legs from behind with her legs, Juliette gingerly steps between them and starts undoing your belt. She seems a little squeamish as she peels away your pants from your member and makes sure she doesn't touch it, but she nevertheless gets your still small manhood out in the light of day.

You start to crave air something fierce, and your body begins to struggle involuntarily.

"Consider this part of your training," Tamara whispers in your ear. "You'll never forget this chokehold and know its effects intimately."

She glances down at your member. 

"And, gods, this is so erotic!" she says.
*page_break
You feel the lust in Tamara's breath as she tightens her hold even further, her mouth right next to your ear.

Juliette, on the other hand, never looks at your sex directly and seems to be treating this in a purely clinical fashion. She really is 100\% monosexual!

You feel yourself passing out, but just as you're doing so, strangely, your dick rises.

Then, everything fades to black.
*page_break
"...and never choke someone out unless you either mean them harm or know the revival techniques," you hear Tamara's voice saying as if submerged at a great depth.

Slowly consciousness returns, and you find that you're in a sitting position, Tamara standing behind you with her hands on your stomach. She pulls up, her hands running over the front of your torso, which raises your body and straightens your spine. Then she helps your torso settle, sending a surge of air and blood into your oxygen-deprived brain. She does this over and over until you're feeling awake and alert once again.
*page_break
You find your dick still hanging out, still hard.

"Okay, put that away, apprentice," Tamara says. "As much as I'd like another quickie, we've wasted too much time as it is."

"Where's my lance?" Juliette says a bit impatiently.
*choice
	#"I have your lance right here!"
		*goto havelance
	#Best not risk another punishment just yet.
		*goto nohavelance

*label havelance
Tamara laughs.

"He does at that, doesn't he?" she says. "Juliette, why don't you blow him just for fun? He's ready, and it's a shame to waste it."

"I will not!" Juliette cries sharply.

"Head for head? The monosexuality cure?" Tamara says.

"Monosexuality has never been cured that way," Juliette says, still a little affronted.

"I know," Tamara says. "And I know it's not a disease. We're just born this way, but really, you won't even just suck him briefly? I'll do you for as long as you do him."

"I can't believe I'm considering it," Juliette says thoughtfully.

"Hurry before he shrinks," Tamara says. "And before I change my mind," she adds.

Juliette giggles and turns a crimson red. "I'll do it!" she cries and falls upon you.
*page_break
You feel her luscious lips touch your still hard cock, but it's just a brief instant before she pulls away and wipes her mouth with the back of her hand. She looks a bit sick.

"That's all?" Tamara says. "You won't put it in your mouth?"

"IN my mouth?!?" Juliette says, horrified.

"Yeah, what do you think 'sucking cock' meant?"

"Not THAT!" Juliette says, unable to believe someone would actually put the male organ into their mouth. "It's so... disgusting..."

"You'd be surprised," Tamara smiles. "Women like it."

[i]Show her! Show her! Show her![/i] you chant in your mind.
*page_break
"Here, let me show you," Tamara says.

[i]YES!!![/i]

Tamara kneels between your legs and bends to take you into her mouth, but she's on and off again far too quickly.

"Oh my gods," Juliette gasps and turns pale.

"What did you do? Only hang around lesbian friends?" Tamara says disbelievingly.

"I..." Juliette says, almost speechless.

"Watch," Tamara says and finally starts giving you a proper blowjob, sucking hard and bobbing her head for a good long time.

The pleasure builds in your body, and you stiffen, grasp Tamara's shoulders and arms. She catches your hand in hers, and you squeeze tightly as the ecstasy increases even more.

Tamara then lets you down her throat, and you can't help but cry out slightly.
*page_break
Suddenly, Tamara's mouth is off you again, and you notice Juliette has averted her eyes, even her whole face.

"Your turn," Tamara says.

"No, I think that's enough 'monosexual cure' for today," Juliette says.

"How about my 'monosexual cure?'" Tamara asks, and Juliette instantly brightens.

"Um, yes, okay," she says. "But can we have some privacy for it?"

"For but a tiny touch of lips???" Tamara cries. "Your kiss lasted less than a second."

"Still..." Juliette says shyly.

"No time," Tamara says. "The dragon awaits."

She pushes Juliette down and grabs for her crotch piece.

Juliette doesn't struggle, remains frozen, while Tamara removes it, exposing Juliette's luscious, blonde pussy again.

Tamara steels herself, takes a deep breath, quickly lowers her head, puts her lips onto it, and instantly jerks her head back up. She wipes her mouth, stands, and throws the crotch piece in the general direction of Juliette crotch.

"Okay, done," she says. "Lance finding time."
*page_break
You and Juliette, dissatisfactorily put your respective sexual organs away before filing along behind Tamara.

"You are strange and interesting people..." you hear Juliette mutter to no one in particular.
*page_break
"Okay, Juliette, find your lance," Tamara says once Juliette catches up.

"Me? How?" Juliette says.

*goto wellpeered

*label nohavelance
As odd as it is to put a rock-hard dick away in the presence of two hot females, you do so, realizing this is probably the first time in your life this has happened.

Juliette stands over you, waiting, her eyes averted until your decency has been restored. Then she fixes her eyes on you and demands, "Where's my lance!"
*page_break
"You know, Juliette, you can probably find your lance faster on your own," Tamara says.

*goto howfindlance

*label nowakeup
Juliette hoists you on top of her so that she's underneath you, bearhugging you from behind.

"Try a choke," Tamara suggests. "It's more efficient."

She shows Juliette how to wrap her arms around your throat in a devious chokehold, and soon, you're without air again.
*choice
	#Start to struggle.
		*goto chokestruggle
	#Still maintain the ruse.
		*goto nochokestruggle

*label chokestruggle
You don't care if it means being caught in a lie, the prospect of being strangled, even by a beautiful woman, is just not acceptable.

You grab Juliette's arms, pulling them from around your throat and try to rise.

"Ha, ha!" Tamara cries triumphantly. "He WAS faking!"

You start to get away, but Tamara shoves you back down with her foot on your chest.

"Just pull him back, Juliette," she says. "Behind him, you have the advantage."

Juliette jerks hard, her full body weight pulling you backwards, and your abs, strong as they are, can't compete. 

"Lock the neck with your arms," Tamara says and shows Juliette subtle corrections of her grip that suddenly make the chokehold devastatingly more effective. 

"I hope you're paying attention too, apprentice, and not just along for the ride," she says. "These are secret techniques of an advanced art developed in faraway lands."
*page_break
"Where's my lance?" Juliette asks again, now that her hold is resecured.

She allows you only a tiny amount of air, just enough to speak, but before you can, Tamara says, "Okay, okay, that's enough beating up on the poor apprentice. I'm the one who told him to do it, but there's a method to my madness. Let him go."

Juliette lets go, pushes you off her, and stands to confront Tamara.

"Where's my lance?" she demands.

"I'm a tracker. I could find your lance," Tamara says, "But YOU can find it too, for you just peered into the dragoneye!"
*page_break
Juliette's eyes narrow as she considers this fact.

"Think back," Tamara says. "Didn't you sense something when you were looking into it? And now, can't you sense something in the air around you?"

*goto juliettethinking

*label nochokestruggle
It's hard, very hard. 

The effort not to struggle that is, but you manage to keep your body lifeless.

Juliette lets you go.

"I'm not going to choke a lifeless body!" she cries and starts patting your face to wake you up.

You stir and pretend to just be awakening.

"Oh thank goodness," Juliette says.

"Well, that's that," Tamara shrugs. "He really was faking it."

"Will you help me find my lance now?" Juliette asks, ignoring Tamara, concern still in her voice.

You pretend to stagger to your feet.

"This performance might fool a novice thief," Tamara comments.

Juliette ignores her.

"Or a gullible knight," Tamara says.

Juliette still ignores her, remaining focused on helping you find her lance.
*page_break
"Oh, for crying out loud!" Tamara cries. "Juliette, leave him alone and get back here. I'LL help you find your lance."

"How?" Juliette says, turning around abruptly. "He's the one who hid it."

"How do you know I didn't go with him and hurry back, arriving before him?" Tamara asks.

"That's not how it happened," Juliette says.

"Yeah, and how do you know that?" Tamara says.

Realization dawns on Juliette's face. "I SAW it," she says, eyes widening.

"So... just go where you saw him go," Tamara shrugs.

"Yes!" Juliette cries and rushes off into the forest.

"I save your ass again," Tamara says once Juliette's gone. "You don't remember where you hid the lance, do you?"
*page_break
"I do!" you insist.

"Oh, shut it," Tamara says.
*page_break
*goto followjul

*label nofakeit
"Is that really true?" you say, spontaneously waking up. "AND WHAT'S SHORT?!?"

"Nothing, nothing," Tamara smirks.

"Surely it was not NOTHING," Juliette laughs. "It may be short, but I heard you two earlier..."

"Might as well have been," Tamara says. "I faked it."

"Then that makes both of you liars!" Juliette says, grinning.

"It sure does," Tamara says and winks at you.
*fake_choice
	#"I am NOT short!!!"
"It's okay, apprentice," Tamara says with a mock-soothing voice. "Size doesn't matter, does it, Juliette?"

Juliette scoffs. "All I need is something the size of a pea... and that's usually all I get too."

"See?" Tamara says. "So don't feel bad, apprentice."
*page_break
"No lance for you, then," you threaten.

"Don't need it," Juliette says. "Size doesn't matter."

"Okay, okay, that's enough," Tamara laughs. "Come on, Juliette. We don't need him to find your lance."

"You know where it is?" Juliette asks.

"No, but you can find it on your own," Tamara says.

*goto howfindlance

*label lancekiss
Speaking would deplete your precious oxygen, so instead, you push your head forward to try and kiss Juliette on the lips.

"Ew, no," she says, pulling her head back and turning her face away, and you feel a slight loosening of her grasp.
*choice
	#Burst free!
		*goto burstfree
	#Keep trying to kiss her.
		*goto lancekiss2

*label burstfree
With a sudden surge, you take advantage of the momentary lapse and push Juliette off you, managing to create a little space between your two bodies.

"Nice timing!" you hear Tamara cry.

However, Juliette flexes her biceps and squashes you once again, and the bearhug resumes.

"Oh, man, look at that berserker strength," Tamara says, awe in her voice. "That would've worked on anyone else."

Now that you struggled, you're even more breathless than before and panic rises in your chest. You need air. NOW!
*choice
	#Give in.
		*goto lancetell
	#Try to kiss her again.
		*goto lancekiss2

*label lancekiss2
You thrust forward with your head again, but Juliette, ready for that now, easily keeps her face away from your lips without slackening her grip in the slightest.

As your air runs out, the edges of your vision begin to fade to black, but you manage to get your mouth to Juliette's neck. You kiss it... with tongue.

"EW!" Juliette screams, but so far, she's unwilling to give up her hold.

It's a strategy that might work. If she holds on just a little longer, you'll pass out, but she has no way to gauge exactly when this will occur.

"Aw, Juliette," Tamara says, squatting next to your head. "Isn't that at least a little sexy?"

"No!" Juliette glares at Tamara.

Your tongue slides up and down Juliette's carotid artery.

"I can't take anymore!" Juliette cries and leaps off you.
*page_break AIR
Air! Glorious air!

You suck in great draughts, vowing to never take the pleasure of breathing for granted again.

"Where's my lance?!?" Juliette screams far too loudly.
*page_break
"The dragon!" Tamara gasps. "The dragon has sensed your anger!"

Juliette gasps in horror.

"Just kidding!" Tamara cries.

Juliette's mouth, already open, drops her jaw even further. 

"You!" she cries and with one tremendous leap, flies forward and catches Tamara before she can escape, and the two women tumble to the earth.

Now it's Tamara's turn to feel Juliette's berserker-powered bearhug, but amazingly, Tamara's somehow able to prevent her from getting a solid grip. She keeps Juliette teetering on the edge of a reversal, and Juliette is never able to take the offensive.

The two women roll around on the ground, duff and pine needles getting in their hair and scuffing their clothes. Frankly, it's a little erotic, and you enjoy the show, glad you're no longer the one on the receiving end.

"Whatsamatter?" Tamara taunts. "They don't teach knights the vulgar art of wrestling?"

"No, but they teach kissing!" Juliette cries and plants a big wet one right on Tamara's lips.

"EW!" Tamara cries. 

"Whatsamatter? Isn't it at least a little sexy?" Juliette laughs, imitating her colloqial speech. It's not chivalrous at all.

Tamara doesn't say anything, just begins a frantic bid to escape.

"That must mean yes!" Juliette says, redoubling her effort to recapture Tamara and kiss her again.

"No... NO!" Tamara cries, nearly getting free, but Juliette catches hold of her ankle and lifts.

Juliette quickly stands and holds Tamara dangling upside down from one leg. Wow! This is even more erotic than before.
*page_break
You think Tamara could not possibly escape now, but amazingly, she somehow uses Juliette's upward momentum. Curling into a tight ball, she's able to put her hands on Juliette's shoulder and push, managing to get her body behind Juliette's. 

Now, Juliette's arm can no longer bear the weight, and she stumbles backwards, is forced to let go.

"Strength is useless when there's always a counter!" Tamara taunts.
*page_break
Just then, Juliette whirls and grabs Tamara's ankle again, but this time, she only lifts enough to make Tamara fall. Smarter now, she evades the kicks from Tamara's other foot, and with berserker strength and speed, gets Tamara under her again.

Tamara is clearly more skilled and would probably win, despite Juliette's incredible strength and speed, if not for Juliette's relentless attempts to kiss her. She manages to elude all further kiss attacks but cannot gain an advantage either. The two women roll about in violent embrace for a long time before finally, exhausted, fall apart from each other and lie, chests heaving, side by side.
*page_break
"Where's my lance?" Juliette says between great draughts of air.



*label lanceair
[This option is yet to be written.]
*goto lancerunchoice

*label lancebetray
"What! Betraying your comrade-in-arms?" Juliette gasps in mock horror. 

She squeezes even harder, and it takes all your strength to keep from busting a rib.

"Besides," Juliette goes on, "She doesn't know where you put it, does she? Thus, it's you who get squeezed."
*goto lancerunchoice

*label nolancerun
"Where's my lance? Where's my lance?" Juliette cries, crashing into you and taking you to the ground.

"You're lying on it," you say.

"You buried it right here?" Juliette cries incredulously.

"No, but I could," you say.

Juliette pauses, confused.

You wrap your arms around her, caressing her with mock passion.

"Oh, Juliette! Oh, Juliette!" you say.
*page_break
"Ew! No!" Juliette cries and tries to get off you, but you hold her in place.

Your boner grows, and she can feel it even through her armor.

"EW!" Juliette screams. "Get that away!"

You let her escape, and she scrambles off you.
*page_break
Standing over you, Juliette squares her shoulders and makes herself look prim.

"That lance is too puny," she says with mock solemnity. "Mine is much more powerful."

Ouch.

You lie there, stunned by the stinging insult to your manhood.
*page_break
Tamara, who'd observed the entire exchange, giggles.

"Juliette," she says. "Perhaps you don't need his help to find your lance."

"What do you mean?" Juliette asks.

"The signs are all around you," Tamara says, gesturing to the trees, silent, as if observing the drama playing out among them. "There are his tracks, though you might lack the skill to find them, but also... You have just peered in the dragoneye. Perhaps you even sensed his ruse when in the trance?"

*label juliettethinking
"Hmmm..." Juliette says, thinking. 

After a pause, she says, "Yes... I think I did sense something. A mirthfulness, but I thought it was just because we are in this forest, and I associate trees with faeries and their pranks."

"And where did our faerie prance off to?" Tamara prods.

"This way..." Juliette says, tentatively moving in the exact direction you'd gone.
*page_break
Tamara follows, jerking her head to invite you to join her.

"A fairy, aye?" Tamara giggles, elbowing you playfully in the ribs. "Is there something about you that you haven't been telling us, twaddy-boy?"

Grrrr!
*page_break
*label followjul
You and Tamara follow Juliette several paces back.

"Can you see your own footprints, apprentice?" Tamara asks. "You can see when she goes off track."

Juliette meanders through the woods, occasionally backtracking, and you find that though you still can't see footprints, you almost don't need to. You're not sure if it's simply an intuitive memory of the path you took or a strange new kind of "sensing" of imprints of your own life-force on the nearby area.

*goto juldiff

*label tamhidelance
"Oh, you're no fun," Tamara says and goes off to hide the lance herself.

You watch Juliette's motionless form as she stares, zombie-like into the dragoneye, completely oblivious to her surroundings... or is she? Perhaps she has a different, deeper kind of awareness? Perhaps she's staring straight into your soul.
*page_break
Tamara returns.

"I think that's long enough for her first time," she says and gently wakes Juliette and takes the eye from her hands.

The two women gaze at each other for a long time in silence.

"You saw things?" Tamara asks finally.

"Yes," Juliette says.

"Good then," Tamara says. "Well, let's be on our way, then."

She can barely suppress her laughter and has to turn away from Juliette to hide her face.

"Where's my lance?" Juliette says, looking around confusedly.

Tamara's face breaks into a wide, uncontrollable grin, facing you so that Juliette can't see it.

"I don't know," Tamara manages to say without cracking up.

"You!" Juliette cries, realizing what's just happened.

She charges Tamara, crying, "Where's my lance? Where's my lance?"
*page_break
Strangely, her reaction is not like you expected, for she seems almost a party to the game. She's taking the joke in stride!

Tamara scurries away, nimble like a cat, while Juliette crashes through the underbrush, looking extremely clumsy by comparison, though in fact she's actually quite deft, considering she's wearing plate armor.

"The nimble javelin brigade turns the slow knights into pin-cushions!" Tamara laughs as she throws long sticks at Juliette.
*choice
	#Join in the fun.
		*goto joinfun
	#Just watch.
		*goto nojoinfun

*label joinfun
[This option is yet to be written.]

*label nojoinfun
You observe the comedic chase unfold, seeing a side of both women you hadn't before, and you can't help but think how sad it is that this could be their last moments on earth. If it is, though, there are far worse ways to spend them.

These thoughts make you think of the dragon, and you concentrate inward, checking if it's watching. It seems its attention is still lapsed.

"Darn you!" Juliette cries, getting frustrated.

"Don't you mean, 'damn you?'" Tamara laughs.

"DAMN you!!!" Juliette yells, seeming to get genuinely angry.
*page_break
"Wait!" Tamara cries, and Juliette quickly ceases her advance. "The dragon! The dragon has sensed your anger."

Juliette gasps in horror.

"Just kidding!" Tamara cries.

Juliette's mouth, already open, drops her jaw even further. 

"You!" she cries and with one tremendous leap, flies forward and catches Tamara before she can escape. "Now you're going to get it."
*page_break
You watch the two women roll around on the ground, duff and pine needles in their hair, scuffing their clothes. Frankly, it's a little erotic!

Despite Tamara's smaller frame, she easily controls Juliette, even when she's on the bottom, and all the while she's taunting her.

Juliette wrestles the best she can, but it seems it's an art neglected in a knight's training. She uses strength, her whole body tense, while Tamara remains utterly relaxed, not even breathing hard yet.
*page_break
Juliette, sensing defeat, switches tactics and kisses Tamara on the lips!

"Ugh, no!" Tamara cries, and suddenly the tables are turned, Tamara now desperate to escape.

Juliette, chivalrous and dignified Juliette, actually begins to taunt Tamara in return now, laughing as she pursues even more amorous advances.

Unnerved, Tamara finds Juliette's superior strength intractable, and with the sheer force of her arms, Juliette traps Tamara's body against hers.

"Okay, I give," Tamara says. "Just don't kiss me."

"Where's my lance?" Juliette asks, threatening a kiss.

"I hid it," Tamara says.

"Where?" Juliette says, moving her face a bit closer, making Tamara thrash her head from side to side ineffectually.

"Get off me," Tamara says.

"You'll tell me then?"

"Yes. Just get off me!"
*page_break
Juliette's suspicious but nevertheless releases Tamara from her grasp, and Tamara, once free, scrambles away to a sitting position against the trunk of a nearby tree.

"Okay, where is it?" Juliette asks.

"You can't tell?" Tamara says. "You peered in the dragoneye. Didn't your consciousness expand to encompass these surroundings?"

"Hmm..." Juliette says and concentrates.
*page_break
In a little while, Juliette stands and begins to wander into the forest, looking about. Tamara trails along behind her, idly kicking stones.
*choice
	#See if you can find the lance with dragonsense.
		*goto findlance
	#Let Juliette find it herself if she can.
		*goto nofindlance

*label findlance
You stop and close your eyes to concentrate.

Tamara turns and regards you briefly before going on.

Wait, how did you know that? You didn't see it, as your eyes were closed, and you couldn't have heard it, for Tamara moves silently.

You have to open your eyes to verify, and you see that indeed, Tamara's following Juliette just as you'd sensed... But how?

You close your eyes again, and it's like the woods comes alive. You can feel its energy, and through this quietness moves, light brighter, denser lights, the energy-forms of Juliette and Tamara. Then, you "see" a faint trail that has the feeling of mischief to it, and it even seems to glow purple-ish as it meanders through the landscape that's now like a blanket with a million points of light, the trees, shimmering and tall as they stand silently upon and penetrating within this blanket.

You open your eyes and know exactly where the lance is.
*page_break
You trail behind both women, watching Juliette find, then lose, then find the trail again. Sometimes you lose it too and have to concentrate again to find it, though "concentrate" is the wrong word, for trying too hard is the sure way to never get it back. In actuality, to find it again, you have to STOP concentrating, yet somehow maintain your intention to see and find. It's not easy.

At one point, Tamara stops and lets you catch up. She eyes you up and down. 

"You look different," she says. "Juliette too. It's the dragoneye, isn't it? You both are seeing energies."

"You don't?" you ask.

"I feel things sometimes," Tamara admits. "But I usually rely on my thief training. It's more reliable. I guess without that to fall back on, you guys... well, it creeps me out a little."

"But you've used the dragoneye so much more," you say.

"Yes, and it's always a little scary," she says. "Not for you?"

You have to admit that it was, a little.

"Juliette, on the other hand, seems to have taken to it like a fish to water," Tamara remarks. "She shows none of the disconcernation I thought she would, a knight more uptight than most knights. She's like an old school paladin."

You both laugh.
*page_break
*goto paladingiggle

*label nofindlance
You fall in step with Tamara as Juliette searches, letting her intuition guide her.

*label juldiff
"Isn't she different?" Tamara whispers to you. "Seems the eye cracked her shell more than most, but so far it hasn't caused her any disconcernation."

"You thought it would?"

"I was sure it would, a knight more uptight than most knights," Tamara says. "She's like an old school paladin."
*page_break
*label paladingiggle
If Juliette heard your giggles, she paid them no mind. 

It takes awhile and a meandering path, but eventually Juliette locates the lance inside a hollow tree.

"Okay, you had your fun," she says, pulling it out, straining under its great weight. "Now can we resume our quest?"
*choice
	#"OUR quest?"
		*goto askourquest
	#Maybe it's better not to say anything?"
		*goto noaskourquest

*label noaskourquest
"OUR quest?" Tamara asks.

Well, there goes that idea.
*page_break
*label askourquest
"I mean..." Juliette says and stops.
*page_break
*set jul_alliance true
"I don't know what I mean," Juliette says, suddenly confused and has to think.

Finally she says, "Well, I guess you already helped me by letting me use the dragoneye. I see its powers, as it guided me to find the lance, and I can sense the dragon too. Already we share the glory, then, so we may as well travel together. However, I still refuse to use the rear entrance and will challenge the beast before the front gates."

"Fair enough," Tamara says. "I will show you the crack within which the secret entrance lies, for it is closer, and after that, we will round the base of DragonKeep to the path that leads to the gates. Whatever you choose, I will stand by your side even unto death."

The two women shake hands then, hand grasping each other's wrist in the warrior's shake, bonding them in mutual quest.

The three of you resume your journey, and as you fall in step with them, you...
*choice
	#Ask if Tamara really will show Juliette the crack within which the secret entrance lies.
		*goto showcrack
	#Shake Juliette's hand, bonding in mutual quest too.
		*goto shakehands
	#Just walk in silence.
		*goto noshowcrack

*label showcrack
"Yeah, yours," Tamara quips, not missing a beat.
*page_break
*goto noshowcrack

*label shakehands
"We are allies too now, yes?" you say, offering Juliette your hand.

She smiles warmly and shakes the same way, grasping your well-muscled forearm, and you find hers thin, almost dainty, even despite the armor. The berserker nature must draw power from somewhere other than physical musculature.

"Oh, har har har," Tamara says. "I suppose you must shake my hand now too."

She grabs your wrist and shakes it.

"There. Now shall we formalize this with signed contract too? Come on, guys. We're too close to the lair to be getting silly."

As she forges ahead, you and Juliette look at each other and shrug.
*page_break
*goto noshowcrack

*label noshowcrack
You walk for perhaps an hour, and now DragonKeep looms very large and ominously above you.

Juliette strides ahead while Tamara stops to inspect a fewmet, dragonspore.

"I see from this the dragon's grown since described in lore," she comments. "But that's to be expected. It's now old and terrible, perhaps forty feet in length, excluding neck and tail. A giant."
*fake_choice
	#"Do you think they dragoneye is responsible for Juliette finally allying with us?" you ask.
"I don't know," Tamara says. "It's subtle but powerful magic."
*page_break The Crack
*goto_scene crack

*label notouchpussy
"So, um, Tamara?" you say, as she lifts her leg over you, giving you one last glimpse of her still unused pussy. 

"What?" Tamara says distractedly, still a little shaken from all the unwanted groping. She grabs her breeches and seems in a hurry to get them back on.

"Can it really be that in all of that, none of it turned you on in the least?"

Tamara laughs.

"No," she says. "I'm sure it was quite the erotic experience for you, but as hard as it may be to believe, for me it was nothing but disgusting. Not the worst I've done, though, I must say. Why? You wanna check me?"
*fake_choice
	#"Can I?"
"If you do more than check, you can," Tamara says and stands before you, legs shoulder-width, breeches still unfastened.

It's hard to believe how brazen she is, especially in front of another person, but Tamara seems utterly nonchalant as you reach into her breeches, slide your hand over her mound, and push your fingers between her pussy lips.

"See?" Tamara says. "Dry as a bone. Now give me your bone. I feel like I'm covered in cooties." 

She shivers involuntarily.

*if tamfirst
	"There WAS one thing I liked, though," Tamara says, grinning.

	"What?"

	"You... licking me first," she says. "Sweet warrior knows how to make me feel good."

While you and Tamara were talking, Juliette had scrambled away, keeping her legs tightly pressed together, avoiding even the slightest touch of your male body.
She grabs for her armor and clothing, quite embarrassed.

You happen to inadvertently glance in her direction.

"Don't look at me!" she says, trying to cover herself with her hands the best she can.

*if tamfirst
	"Let me gather my things, apprentice," Tamara says. "Then... the bone."
*page_break
*goto dressing

*comment DONE. Afterwards, if licked Tamara first, Tamara's sweet and gives him head before they have sex. Otherwise, she's just desperate and clinical about the cootie removal. Juliette looks on enviously. "You want to watch?" Tamara asks. Juliette declines and goes away. "It would be fun if she watched," Tamara says.

*comment DONE. Afterwards, Juliette is very ashamed and quiet, apologizes. Tam changes the subject, asking if she'll be strong enough later. Jul says her lust rises easily but assures her she also won't lose control again for at least a day, explains she wouldn't have this time except for the offer, the conflict, and the danger.

*comment DONE. Afterwards, choice to check if tam's wet. She's not. "You really are a true monosexual," you say. If didn't check, jokingly asks her if she didn't at least partially enjoy herself. She denies but says one thing she did like was him licking her first, and this leads into their liaison.

*comment DONE. Afterwards, tam says, "You're lucky," to jul. Jul is confused. "You mean I got lucky?" "No, you're lucky you, along with us, aren't three smoking corpses right about now. The dragon wasn't watching. You know the dragon senses negative emotions, right? Well, all this morning we've been having a lot of negative emotions." "How do you know that?" Tells of the dragoneye. Maybe let jul look in it? Maybe looking in it opens people's minds like mj? If she does look in it, they hide her weapons as a joke. She's less uptight due to the eye's influence. Tam says the dragon might be watching again if she gets mad, but it's just a joke.

*comment The potion and eye each have their own magic-proof bag. Good for thieves who want to bring their magic items when robbing a wizard, though it's believed no wizard is capable of sensing (hermetic) magic further than a few feet away. Only the creator of the dragoneye did, and the secret is now lost. 

